season: 01
episode: 03
title: Homer's Odyssey


A group of students chatter outside school.  MRS. KRABAPPEL blows a whistle.
Now class, I don't want this field trip to be a repeat of our infamous visit to the Springfield State Prison.  So I want you all to be on your best behavior.  Especially you, Bart Simpson.
BART looks up at her and defends himself.
Mrs. Krabappel, I didn't unlock that door.
The camera pans to the left, where OTTO arrives with his school bus and makes a screeching halt.
Uh, sorry, little dudes.  Party hardy was tardy.
All right, children.  Count off.
One. Two. Three.
On the other side, Bart talks to Otto.
Hey, Otto.  Hey, Ottoman.
Hey, Bart dude.
Any new tattoos, Otto?
Oh, funny you should ask, man.  This morning I woke up with this one.
He rolls up his sleeve and reveals a screaming skull that is on fire and has a kn*fe impaled straight through it's head.
Cool.  I want one.
Huh.  Not until you're 14, my little friend.
Bart looks sadly at Otto.
Bart!  Bart Simpson!
Bart rushes onto the bus.
Take your seat, Bart.
Bart sees Wendell, some kind of silent, weird boy.  He's the only one with an open seat.
Oh, please, Mrs. Krabappel, not next to Wendell.  He pukes on every bus ride.  No offense, Wendell.
Oh.
Oh.  Be that as it may, it's the only seat left...so get in there!
The other children laugh as Bart makes his way to the seat.  When he sits down---
Please try not to shake the seat like that.
Now, class, remember.  Do not stick any part of your body out the window.  We all know the tragic story of the young man who stuck his arm out the window and had it ripped off by a big truck coming in the other direction.
Bart stands up and sticks his arm into his shirt, so it's not visible.
And I was that boy.
Everybody laughs.
Uh, Bart Simpson, sit down!  I've had just about enough of your tomfoolery.
Otto starts the bus.
Oh, I don't feel so hot.
The bus rolls along, passing the Springfield Toxic Waste Dump, where workers wave to them.  Then, they pass the Springfield Tire Yard and a winding road.  They pass the Springfield State Prison, where arms wave to them through the gated windows.
Look, there's our school again.
Otto, are you sure you...?
It's a shortcut, Mrs. K.  Trust me.
Next to Bart, Wendel begins to shake back and forth.
Mrs. Krabappel!  Mrs. Krabappel!
Bart, not another word out of you or I'll subject you to the humiliation of making you sing in front of the class.
Can I pick the song?
"John Henry was a Steel Driving Man".
Oh no.
We're gonna make you sing, Bart Simpson.
Yeah, Bart Simpson, we're gonna make you sing.
They converse secretly as Bart gets nervous.  Then they lean over and both kiss him on the cheek.  Bart screams.
That's it, Bart.  Oh, why can't you be more like, uh, uh...
Us, Mrs. Krabappel?
Yes, Sherri and Terri.  They know how to behave.
Bart gets angry...
Soon, the bus drives by the Springfield Power Plant, where Bart starts singing.
Da, da, da, da, da, da.  Whoa!
They took Bart Simpson to the graveyard!
Ooh, and they buried him in the sand!
Oh, and every locomotive that comes rolling by...
Bart!  Bart!
Says there lies a steel-driving man.
Lord, Lord, oh, there lies a ---
MRS. KRABAPPEL: Okay, Bart, enough!
The bus stops.
Hey, Wendell, you made it, buddy.
He taps Wendell on his shoulder.
OUTSIDE sh*t OF THE BUS
There is a vomiting sound and kids quickly jump out of the bus through the windows.
The children file past an EMPLOYEES ONLY and DO NOT ENTER sign.  The guard doesn't notice them since he's watching Krusty.
On the stage, SMITHERS gives a speech.
And so, this plant harnesses the power of the atom so that we have the energy to run everything from your favorite video game to yummy cotton candy machines.
People clap.
 Let's learn more about nuclear energy, shall we?  Lighs.
The room is cast in darkness and a show begins to play.
OUR MISUNDERSTOOD FRIEND
When most people think of nuclear energy, they think of this.
There is an expl*si*n on screen and the children scream in happiness.
But when we talk about nuclear energy,  we really mean this.
There is a weird picture shown with people using various technological appliances.
But what exactly is nuclear energy?  I don't know, but I know someone who does.
Question marks fill up the screen.
Smilin' Joe Fission.
Joe Fission is a cartoon character resembling a cowboy but with an atom as his stomach.
Hi, there, energy eaters.  I'm Smilin' Joe Fission, your atomic tour guide to the strange and exciting world of nuclear power.
Joe Fission walsk over to three red things that have faces.
And these are rods of uranium 235.  Hi, Rod.
Hi.  Hey.  Good to see ya.
Hey, you guys look hot.
The rods sweat.
Of course we're hot.  We're radioactive.
Uh-oh.  Well, how 'bout a dip in the pool?
Yeah, last one in's a rotten rod.
They all rush towards a pool that has just mysteriously appeared there.  They jump inside.
The rods make the water so hot it boils.
True enough, the water boils.
Ow!  Ouch!  Ow!
And the steam spins turbines that generate energy.
A sh*t of turbines and a worker.  Arrows go up and down ont he screen.  Bart's silhoutte is suddenly there.
Bart, sit down!
Bart sits down.  On screen, a bunch of small blue evil-looking balls walk by Fission.
Uh oh.  Whoops.  Looks like there's a little leftover nuclear waste.  No problem.  I'll just put it where nobody'll find it for a million years.
He slides them under a carpet with a broom.
One of them manages to escape and laughs but Fission kicks it off the screen.
So now you know the whole true story of nuclear energy, our no longer misunderstood friend.  So keep on smiling.
THE END.  The children applaud as the lights come on.
Now, let's have even more fun.
ENJOY YOUR VISIT.  Finally, it opens to reveal a hallway of sorts.
LATER, Smithers and a group of kids walk in it.
And, uh, over here is our our thermal regulator.  To the right, if you'll look through this window, you'll see where our water rejoins the rest of nature's biosphere.
Outside, a three-eyed fish swims in the water.
Inside, Sherri looks toward Bart.
Hey, Bart, our dad says your dad is incompetent.
What does incompetent mean?
It means he spends more time yakking and scarfing down doughnuts than doing his job.
Oh, okay.  I thought you were putting him down.
HOMER, who eats a donut and has a coffee in his other hand.
You know, I defy anyone to tell the difference between these donuts and ones baked today.  Hey, my boy's supposed to be here any second on a field trip.  They been through here yet?
Come on, Simpson.  If they wanted the kids to see you sitting around on your butt and stuffin' your face, they'd take them on a tour of your house.
You're right.  I gotta get where the action is.
He drives a little kids motor vehicle.
Coming through.
On a walkway above several regulators, Smithers leads the class.
Hey, there's my dad.  Hey dad, yo Homer.
Homer doesn't see him.
Woo!  Woo!  I'm up here!
Homer sees him and waves.
Oh, hi, boy.
He doesn't see what's ahead and drives into a bunch of nuclear pipes.  They break and the alarm suddenly starts up.
A button flashes on a scale at Alert 1.
A worker twists a wheel.  It stops.
The leader of the operation holds a loudspeaker.
All right.  Who's responsible for this?
Homer gulps.  Everybody points at him.
I might have know it was you, Simpson.
But, sir, I...
I don't wanna hear about it, Simpson.  You're fired.   Oh, hi girls.
He's Sherri's and Terri's dad.
Hi, Daddy!
Bart groans.  Homer looks up sadly at Bart.  Then, he looks down in shame.
FADE TO BLACK
sh*t of the Simpsons household.
Inside, Bart and Lisa eat cereal.  She reads some kind of employment newspaper and offers Homer suggestions as he is served food by Marge.
Here's a good job at the fireworks factory.
Those perfectionists? Forget it.
How 'bout this?  Supervising technician at the toxic waste dump.
I'm no supervising technician.  I'm a technical supervisor.  I've never done anything worthwhile in my life.  I'm a big, worthless nothing.
There, there, Homer, you'll find a job.  You've caused plenty of industrial accidents and you've always bounced back.
Yeah, Dad, you can do it.
Yeah, go fot it, Dad!
You're right!  I'm young, I'm able-bodied and I'll take anything!  Watch out, Springfield.  Here I come.
A SERIES of several shots involving doors being shut on Homer.
Finally, it is his own door.  Then, it's opened by Bart.
Don't give up, Dad.
Then he closes it again.
MOE's Tavern.  Homer is still depressed.
I'm just a technical supervisor who cared too much.
The phone rings.  MOE picks it up.
Moe's Tavern.
Is Mr. Freely here?
Who?
Freely.  First initials "I.P."
Hold on, I'll check.  Uh, is I.P. Freely here?  Hey, everybody!  I.P. Freely!
They all laugh.
Wait a minute.   When I get a hold of you, you're dead.  I swear I'm gonna slice your heart in half.
At home, where Lisa and Bart laugh
BACK TO MOE'S TAVERN
Moe puts the phone down.
You'll get that punk somebody, Moe.
Ah, I don't know.  He's tough to catch.  He keeps changing his name.
Oh, I think I'll have another --- Whoops.  Oh, I'm a little low on funds.  Do you think you could cover me just this once?
No, sorry.
Why not?  I think after all these years I deserve an explanation.
I don't think you're ever gonna get another job and be able to pay me back.
Oh.
Don't worry.  We're still friends.
Homer begins walk out.
I fall to pieces...
Darkness.  Then, Homer's eyes are visible.  He mumbles.  Another pair of eye's open .  No other parts are visible.
All you all right, Homer?
She turns on the light and we finally see them.
I'm fine.  I'm just thinking.
Well, I've been thinking too.  You know, Homer, you've always been such a good provider, but when we got married, Mr. Berger promised I could come back to my old job anytime I wanted.
You think you can still do that kind of work?
Sure.  You never forget.  It's just like riding a bicycle.
A sh*t of Otto's van outside a fast food joint.  He honks his horn.
Hey, Mama, where's my fries already?
Marge rides over on roller skates with food.  She growls.
FADE TO BLACK
FADE IN
Homer lies starting at the ceiling on the couch.  The kids bring him some food.
Dad, eat something.  It's got mustard on it.
Bart waves his hand over Homer's eyes.
A ll he does is lie there like an unemployed whale.
I don't know what else to do.
take advantage of the old guy.  You gotta sign my report card, Dad.
He shows Homer the card.  All his grades are in the F range.  Homer signs it and drops the pencil.
Daytime transforms into night.  The TV isn't off.  Homer remains in the same position.
Loaftime, the cable network for the unemployed.  We'll be back with more tips on how to win the lottery right after this.
Unemployed?  Out of work?  Sober?  You sat around the house all day.  But now it's Duff time!
The TV shows a jungle paradise, complete with birds and a waterfall.  A hand shows a Duff Beer bottle.
Duff, the beer that makes the days fly by.
Can't get enough of that wonderful Duff...Duff beer!
Beer.  Now there's a temporary solution.
He turns off the TV.
Homer opens the fridge.
There must be some beer here, somewhere.
He shuffles some foods.
Ah.  Maybe in here.
He opens a box.  Inside is a cake, which says "Don't worry, Daddy, we love you anyway!"
Homer throws it backwards over his shoulder.
Damn!  I need money!
Homer enters Bart's room.  Bart sleeps in his bed.  On a shelf is a little piggy bank.  Homer grabs it and leaves.
In the kitchen, Homer breaks it open with a hammer.
Oh, no.  What have I done?  I smashed open my little boy's piggy bank, and for what?  A few measly cents. .  Not even enough to buy one beer.  Wait a minute.  Let me count and make sure.  Not even close.
He marches over to the refrigerator and takes a "Dumb Things I Gotta Do Today" note.
He begins writing.
 "Stand tall, have courage and never give up."  I only hope I can provide a better model in death than I did in life.  Warmest regards.  Love, Homer J. Simpson.
He leaves the kitchen.
In the BACKYARD, Homer ties a rope around his waist.  At the other hand is a hefty rock.  He picks the rock up, takes a final look at his house, and leaves.   He has some problems getting through a fence opening but he manages.
Outside, he sniffles as he looks back.  He grunts as he makes his way up the street.
Nothing's easy.
FADE TO BLACK
FADE IN
Homer continues walking with the rock.  A group of SENIORS watch him.
Ooh..looks like young Simpson is going to k*ll himself.
Well, maybe not.  Maybe he's just taking his boulder for a walk.
Oh.
They both laugh.
Bart and Lisa run into Marge's bedroom.
Mom!  Mom!  Wake up!
We've been robbed!
What?
Someone swiped my piggy bank!
Marge follows them into the living room and gasps.
Your father's gone too!
Look what I found!
She holds up the note.
Homer continues walking along a sidewalk.
Almost there. 
He comes to a dam and dodges an oncoming car.
Hey, you idiot!  Watch where you're going!
He finally arrives.  A rock is right in the middle, waiting for him.
Well, live and learn.
The whole family arrives behind him.
There he is.
Don't do it, Dad.
Homer hears them.
As they begin crossing the road, they are caught in the headlights of an oncoming car.  Homer gasps.  He runs quickly and forces them off the road.
Boy, this intersection is dangerous.  Somebody ought to put a stop sign here.
A ray of light shines down on him.
Oh, Homer.  How could you think of k*ll yourself?  We love you.
Yeah, Dad.  We love you.
Yeah.
k*ll myself?  k*ll myself is the last thing I'd ever do.  Now, I have a purpose, a reason to live.
Behind him, the sun slowly rises.
I don't care who I have to face.  I don't care who I have to fight.  I will not rest until this street gets a stop sign!
An outside sh*t of the City Hall.
Inside, a group of judges await Homer's recommendation.
Next on the agenda, Police Chief Wiggum will give us an update on our graffiti problem.
Well, it's no secret our city is under siege by a grafitti vandal known as "El Barto."  Police artists have a composite sketch of the culprit.  If anyone has any information, please contact us immediately.
A paper is passed around.  Bart gets it.  it is completely unlike him.  The only thing slightly resembling him is his hair.
Cool, man.
Ooh, tough customer.
Ooh, wouldn't want to run into him in a dark alley.
And now, new business.  Homer Simpson, local resident, has something.  Mr. Simpson?
Don't be nervous.  We believe in you, Homer.
Homer clears his throat as he stands up.
Ladies and gentlemen, esteemed councilmen, boys and girls, retired people with nothing better to do.  Danger comes in many, many forms.  From the dinosaurs that tormented our caveman ancestors to the---
Simpson, get to the point.
I think we should put a stop sign at "D" Street and 12th.  The other---
All in favor?
Everybody raises their hand.
Aye.
Approved.  Meeting adjourned.  Coffee and maple logs in the lobby.
Wow, they listened to me.
All right, Dad.
Way to go, Homer.
You did it, Homer.
If they think I'm gonna stop at that stop sign, they're sadly mistaken.
"Simpsons Says Safe".
"Dozens Cheer Homer Simpson" as he stands near a new speed bump.
And another.  "Homer Simpson Strikes Again" near a "Sign Ahead".
And another.  "Watch Out, Here Comes Homer" near a "Please Drive Friendly" Sign.
And another.  "Enough Already Homer Simpson" near a "Dip" Sign.
Then, a PAN of a park.  The whole area is covered in signs.  "No Smoking, Children at Play, No Yelling" and so on.
Homer leans against a bench.  The family comes in.
Oh, Homer.  I am so proud of you.
Proud?  Proud of what?
Well, everything.  Your dip sign for instance.  Now people won't be caught off guard by that little "mm-hmm" in the road.
Ahh, what a great family, but come on.  We all know this is small potatoes.  There's a danger in this town that is bigger than all the dips put together.
What, Dad?
I'm talking about that.
He points to the Springfield Nuclear Power Plant.
You don't mean you're going to take on your old bosses.
Wow.
Gee, Dad's a hero.
What'd you say, son?
Nothin'.
That's okay.  I'll just assume you said what I thought I heard you say.
Outside the plant, a group of protesters yell.
He also bought you the speed bump.  .
Homer stands on top of his car with a fellow speaker.
I giver you the man whose very name is synonymous with safety.  Homer Simpson!
Homer!  Homer!
Thank you.  Unlike most of you, I am not a nut.  Just a good, honest American who opposes wrongdoing...
The camera pans back to reveal the face of Montgomery BURNS, the owner, watching through his window.
...and especially carelessness wherever they occur.
Lookat that man.  He has the crowd in the palm of his hand.  Ah, haven't seen anything like it since Jolson.  Who is he?
Smithers watches through binoculars.
That's Homer Simpson, sir.  He used to work here in the plant, but we fired him for gross incompetence.
He hands Burns the binoculars.
Oh, so that's his little game.
THROUGH THE BINOCULARS is Homer.
Get this Simpson character up here right now.
But Mr. Burns...
I said do it!  Now do it!  Do it!  Do it!
BACK TO HOMER.
Our lives are at the hands of men no smarter than you or I, many of them incompetent boobs.  I know this because I worked alongside them, gone bowling with them, watched them pass me over for promotions time and again.  And I say this stinks!
The crowd cheers.
Yeah, Dad!
Smithers and a group of men arrive.
Hey.  Hey, Simpson.  Burns wants to talk to you privately.
Privately?
Yes.
Stay here!  I'll be right back.
The crowd cheers.
BURNS OFFICE
Homer walks in.
Ahh, Homer Simpson, at last we meet.
Same here.
Simpson, I want you to rejoin our power plant family.
Sorry, no can do.
Hear me out, Simpson.  I don't want you to come back as a technical supervisor or a supervising technician or whatever the hell you used to do.  I want you to be in charge of safety here at the plant.
Safety?  But, sir, if truth be known, I actually caused more accidents around here than any other employee.  There were even a few doozies no one ever found out about.
The generous offer I'm making is good for exactly 30 seconds, Simpson?
He puts an hourglass in front of Homer.
Me, in charge of safety?  This place could blow sky high.  Nah, I'll concentrate on my work now.  Gee, this guy's desk sure is big.  I can't let Marge support the family.  This guy's got the cleanest shirt I've ever seen.  What should I---?
Simpson, time's up.
Mhm, what the hey, I'll take the job.
Excellent.  Your first duty will be to step out on the balcony and tell that crowd this plant is safe.
What?
Go on, Homer.
Homer!  Homer!  Homer!  Homer!  Homer!
They applaud as he steps out.
Yeah, Homer.
Go, Dad!
Ladies and gentlemen, this plant is---
He falters as he gazes at the numerous people, finally arriving at his family.
Oh, sit tight, I'll be right back.
He walks back in.
I can't do it, Mr. Burns.
You mean you're willing to give up a good job and a raise just for your principles?
 Mhm.  When you put it that way, it does sound a little farfetched...but that's the lug you're looking at!  And I vow to continue spending every free minute I have crusading for safety.  Of course, I'd have a lot less of those free minutes if you gave me the job.
Mmm.  You're not as stupid as you look or sound...or our best testing indicates.  You've got the job.  Now get to work!
I'll get to work, but first I have to say goodbye to some friends.
Back to the balcony...
Friends, you have come to depend on me as your safety watchdog so you won't scrape yourself or stub your toes or blow yourselves up.  But you can't depend on me all your life.  You have to learn that there's a little Homer Simpson in all of us, and I'm going to have to live withour your respect and awe.  The only reason I'm telling you this is...I'm going to be leaving you.
The crowd gasps.
But don't worry.  I have just been appointed the new safety inspector at this very plant...with a big, fat raise!
Everybody cheers.
Hey, that's my pop up there!
Dad, watch out!
Homer suddenly slips and falls off...right into the arms of all the people.  They hold him up as they march.
Whoa, easy!  Don't drop me.  Be careful.
Homer!  Homer!  Homer!
FADE TO BLACK
