season: 01
episode: 12
title: Krusty Gets Busted


We begin with a poster of Krusty the Clown, Springfield's favorite clown.  The real KRUSTY rides through the poster on his small car.  He steps out to the applause of many children.
Hey, kids!  Who do you love?
Krusty!!
How much do you love me?
The image transforms into a TV set which Bart and Lisa and Maggie are watching.  They speak in sync with the children.
With all our hearts!
What would you do if I went off the air?
We'd k*ll ourselves!
Krusty the Clown laughs and then turns to face his assistant, Sideshow Bob.
What's that, Sideshow Bob?  This is Brittany and today's her birthday?  Well, happy birthday, Brittany!  How do you wanna celebrate?  Do you want me to sing you a birthday song?
Sideshow Bob hoots his horn.
Or do you want me to sh**t Sideshow Bob out of a cannon?
The cannon!  The cannon!
The cannon!  The cannon!
The cannon.
Krusty turns and speaks silently to Sideshow Bob.
Sorry, Sideshow Bob....but it's her special birthday wish!
The kids cheer as Krusty laughs.
You're doomed, Sideshow Bob.
I know we haven't had much luck sh**ting you out of this cannon, but maybe that's because we haven't used enough g*n!
He waves a barrel in front of the children and then pours it into the cannon as the children cheer.
Brittany, do the honors.
He hands her a flaming stick and she lights the cannon.  Krusty holds his ears as it sh**t and flies back.
Sideshow Bob falls out of several seconds later, his hair wired and straight, and close to completely undressed.
Don't blame me.
I didn't do it.
They all laugh.
Comedy, thy name is Krusty.
Hey, kids, its time for Itchy and Scratchy.
They fight, they bite, they bite and fight and bite.  Fight, fight, fight, bite, bite, bite.  The Itchy and Scratchy Show!
The name of the segment is called "Burning Love". 
Scratchy the Cat lies peacefully in a hammock.  Itchy lights an arrow on fire and sh**t it into Scratchy's behind.  He runs around and screams as Bart and Lisa laugh.  Marge walks in.
Oh, my!  All this senseless violence.  I don't understand its appeal.
We don't expect you to, Mom.
If cartoons were meant for adults, they'd put them on in prime time.
Homer eating donuts at work .  A telephone behind him rings and he picks it up.
Yello.
Hello, Homie.  I was hoping you could pick up a half-gallon of premium ice cream on your way home from work.
Ooh, premium --- wait a minute.  Why?
Patty and Selma are coming over to show us slides from their trip to the Yucatan.
Doh!
At the Simpsons, the doorbell rings.
Anybody home?
Ooh, I've go to go, Homer.  My sisters are here.
She walks over and opens the door.  Patty and Selma immediately walk in with their projectors without a proper greeting.
Ooh..eight carousels!  We're in for a real treat.
Bart and Lisa both groan.
Homer walks into the Qwik-E-Mart, where he is greeted by APU, the shopkeeper.
Hello, steady customer.  How are you this evening, sir?
How ya doing, Apu?
Homer walks past Krusty...or at least, it looks like Krusty.  The imposter wears a mask to cover his eyes.
Homer slides open a freezer door.
Mmm...chocolate.  Ooh...double chocolate.  New flavor --- triple chocolate!
He picks the can up.
Perhaps a little something for the trip back to the cash register.
He picks up several candy bars and walks past the fake Krusty, who snickers.
What's the matter, sir?  Never have I seen you look so unhappy while purchasing such a large quantity of ice cream.
The reason I look unhappy is that tonight I have to see a slide show starring my wife's sisters.
The fake Krusty slides a poster into his back pocket and walks past Homer.
Or as I call 'em, the Gruesome Twosome.
Apu laughs.  As Homer turns around, he steps on the fake Krusty's foot.
Ow, my foot.  You lousy, stupid, clumsy---
Sorry, pal.
He gasps as the fake Krusty reveals a g*n.  Homer leaps into a bag of chips.
Hand over all your money in a paper bag.
Yes, yes, I know the procedure for armed robbery.  I do work in a convenience store, you know.
Fake Krusty takes the bag with the money and slowly backs out of the store.  When he leaves---
You can emerge from my chips.  The opportunity to prove yourself a hero is long gone.
Homer sighs in relief.
Patty and Selma giving their slideshow performance.
This is our tour group.
Mm-hmm.
This is a Mexican delicacy called a taco platter.  Mmm...delicious.
This is Selma taking a siesta.
Ay, carramba!
Homer describes the scene to a policeman who draws on a pad.
And he had a big nose.  No, bigger.  And big red hair that came out to---yeah, yeah, like that.
Well, it is a simple, charcoal rendering but, uh...is this the man?
The policeman shows him the picture he has drawn of Krusty.
Yeah!  Wait a minute.  It's the guy from TV!  My kid's hero.  Cruddy, Crummy---Krusty the Clown!
The real Krusty, in his home.  He takes off his jacket and pours himself a drink.
He sits down a chair.
Ahh.
Suddenly, the door is banged on and Krusty drops the cup.  It is torn down and SWAT members tear in through the windows.  Krusty screams as he held on the floor with a g*n to his head.  Detective Wiggum stands above.
Krusty the Clown, you're under arrest for armed robbery.  You have the right to remain silent.  Anything you say --- blah blah blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
What is this, a joke?
Homer and Wiggum stand in front of a transparent glass wall.
Ready, Mr. Simpson?
Yes, sir.
Send in the clowns!
The suspects  file into the room and stand in front.  Homer begins laughing.
So, Simpson, which one is it?
Homer looks across the whole row and laughs again.
Well, if the crime is making me laugh, they're all guilty!
No no!  Which one is the robber?
Oh, definitely number... 
Simpson...Simpson!!
Four.
Patty and Selma finishing their slide show.
And this is all the mail that awaited us upon our return.  And this is Selma, dropping off our vacation film to be developed.
Bart, Lisa, and Maggie are already sound asleep.  Marge struggles to stay awake.
Thus concludes our Mexican odyssey.
Hmm.  Very thorough.
Marge turns on the lights.
I'm home, everybody!
Oh, goody gumdrops.
You missed the whole slide show, Homer.
Oh, fantastic.  Marge, you're never gonna believe what happened.  I was down at the Kwik-E-Mart, minding my own business when--- ooh, ooh, ooh, the news!!
Homer turns on the TV.
Springfield's number one news team...with our Emmy Award winning anchorman Kent Brockman.
A different ANCHORMAN appears.
Good evening, I'm Scott Christian.  Kent Brockman is off tonight.  Why did the clown cross the road?  To rob a Kwik-E-Mart.  The news story behind that enigmatic half-joke right after this commercial message..
Wait a minute.  Bart, you know that guy on your lunch box?
Oh, you mean Krusty the Clown?
He's sort of a hero of yours, isn't he?
Are you kidding?  He's my idol.  I've based my whole life on Krusty's teachings.
Uh, maybe you better run off to bed.
Krusty the Clown is behind bars tonight after a daring twilight robbery of a local Kwik-E-Mart.
Krusty!
Oh, no!
Earlier this evening, the Springfield SWAT team apprehended the TV clown, who appears on a rival station opposite our own Emmy Award winning Hobo Hank.  And just in...actual footage of the crime taken with the Kwik-E-Mart security camera.
The black and white camera shows the same scene from a different angle.
The reason I look unhappy is that tonight I have to see a slide show starring my wife's sisters.  Or as I call them, the Gruesome Twosome.
Oh, Homer...
So...the truth comes out.
Hand over all your money in a paper bag.
Oh, Krusty, how could you?
Marge hugs Bart.
I know it looks very bad, honey.  Who knows, maybe it'll turn out he was innocent all along.
Earth to Marge.  Earth to Marge.  I was there.  The clown is G-I-L-L-T-Y.
Bart sadly walks off.
In his room, Bart stares at a large poster of Krusty near his bed.  He winds up a Krusty doll.
You're my best friend.
Thanks, Krusty.
Bart continues pulling the string.
Buy my cereal.  Buy my cereal.  I didn't do it!
Oh, I wish I could believe you.
FADE TO BLACK
FADE IN
"Krusty Gets Busted - The Day the Laughter Died".
Kent Brockman presents...
Good evening, again, Springfield.  Krusty the Clown, the beloved idol of countless tots, now nothing more than a common, alleged criminal.  His trial, which begins tomorrow, has taken center ring in a national media circus as children of all ages from eight to eighty hang on each new development like so many Romanian trapeze artists.
The screen shows several magazine covers all insulting Krusty, followed by a black and white film of him on the street.
From his humble beginnings as a street mime in Tupelo, Mississippi, Krusty clowned his way to the top of a personal mini-empire, with dozens of endorsements including his own line of pork products.
A bunch of Krusty merchandise including posters, dolls, and t-shirts are shown.
This may have led to one of television's best-loved bloopers---Krusty's near fatal on-the-air heart attack in 1986.
An old clip is shown of the incident.
Wasn't that a great Itchy and Scratchy cartoon, kids?  Well, we've got another one coming right up.  But first, I've got a hankering for some pork products.
Sideshow Bob slides over a grill with various meats on it.
Mmm. Look.  Plump succulent sausage, honey-smoked bacon and glistening, sizzling ---
He starts grasping his chest as the heart attack comes on.  The kids laugh and cheer in joy.  He falls to the floor.
I'm dying.  I'm dying.
But a quick triple bypass and a pacemaker later, Krusty bounced back.  However, he was a changed clown.  Where his show had been condemned by parents and educators alike as simpleminded TV mayhem...
Sideshow Bob is shown rubbing a pie into Krusty's face.  Krusty punches Sideshow Bob rather violently.
...this new Krusty devoted a small portion of every show to stamping out illiteracy in today's anything for a thrill youth.
Give a hoot.  Read a book.
Another version of the robbery tape is shown, with the fake Krusty eating a burrito.
Krusty's arrest has sent shock waves through Springfield, packing its churches, synagogues, and mosques with disillusioned citizenry from all walks of life.
REVEREND LOVEJOY speaks on his podium to a church audience.
I urge every halfway decent member of our community to gather up all merchandise that bears the likeness of Krusty, that clown prince of corruption, and join me in a public burning!
So, is Krusty the Clown about to trade in his baggy pants for the relatively snug uniform of Springfield Penitentiary?  We'll find out tomorrow...when his trial begins.
The program ends with a picture of Krusty, in jail clothes looking haggard and tired.  The photo becomes real.  Krusty is photographed as he walks off a prisoner container truck.
Uh, what kind of g*n did you use?  Did you use an accomplice?  Will you plead insanity?
Bart and Lisa stand in the large crowd of people, staring at Krusty as he is led into the courthouse.
Look at him.  His clothes are so drab.
His face is so flesh-colored and sad.
And his feet, they're so small.  Say it ain't so, Krusty.
My client has no comment at this time.
I didn't do it!
The crowd laughs as Bart and Krusty locks eyes.
Inside the courthouse, the Judge starts the trial.
Krusty the Clown, how do you plead?
I plead guilty, Your Honor.
The people gasp.  The lawyer talks some words into Krusty's ear.
Oh. .  I mean, not guilty.  Opening night jitters, Your Honor.
The prosecuting lawyer speaks to the court.
I would like to call to the stand...Homer J. Simpson.
Don't do it, Dad.  Please don't do it.
Sorry, son.  You'll understand one day.
He's innocent, I tell you, Krusty would never do something like that.  Oh, come on, Dad.  You got to listen to me.
Bart hangs on to Homer's arm as Homer makes his way to the witness area.  The security guard snatches Bart away.
The jury watches the same video of the robbery.
Sorry, pal.
Then, Homer is shown jumping into the chips.  The jury laughs.
Doh!
Mr. Simpson, was that you taking that cowardly dive into that display of heavily-salted snack treats?
Yes, sir.
Mh-hmm.  Do you recognize the g*n in this courtroom today?
Yes, I do.
Fine.  Would you point him out to us?
Okay.
Homer raises his finger, when he suddenly looks into Bart's sad eyes.  Bart begs him --- but Homer's finger still moves to point to Krusty.
Aaah!
The audience gasps.
Oh, man.
Let the record show that the witness...eventually...pointed to Krusty the Clown.
Marge loads all of Bart's Krusty toys into a large bag.
These toys are just adorable.
She takes out a Krusty pacifier from Maggie's mouth.
Who'd have guessed they were inspired by an insane criminal genius?
Marge walks out the room with the bag.
Homer is doing the same thing in another room.  Bart begs him to stop.
But, Dad, you're giving in to mob mentality.
No, I'm not.  I'm hopping on the bandwagon.  Now, come on, son.  Get with the winning team.
A large group of people gather at the park, where the Krusty toys are arranged in a gigantic pile.
Hey, right here!  Krusty souvenirs!  Buy em and burn em!  Right here.
Good people, I'm so happy you're all here tonight.  But, please, just a few words of caution.  Now, we are going to set this pile of evil ablaze but because these are children's toys, the fire will spread quickly.  So, please stand back, and try not to inhale the toxic fumes.
Lovejoy lights a match and flicks it onto the pile.  The fire immediately erupts.
Ooooh.
Bart stands looking at it, sadness in his eyes.
Krusty is on the stand in his trial.  The prosecuting lawyer looks at a table with evidence.
Krusty, would you please turn your attention to Exhibit B?
Uhh...
Tell me what you see.
Uh, uh --- which one do you mean?
The one with the big B on it.
Uh-uh-uh...
What's the matter?  Can't you read?
No, I can't!  I can't read or write!  I admit it!  I'm totally illiterate.  Now are you happy?
The crowd gasps.
Can it be that the champion of child literacy can't even read himself?
Is it a crime to be illiterate?
All right, all right.  See this, Krusty?  This is a B.  And this is Exhibit B.  Betting slips!  Obtained by this court indicating you have lost substantial sums of money on sports gambling.
Is it a crime to bet on sporting events?!
Yes, it is!
Oh.
The judge bangs the gavel as the jury files back into the room.
Foreperson, have you reached a verdict?
Yes, we have, Your Honor.  We find the defendant, Krusty the Clown, ...guilty.
Another gasp.
I knew it!  This happens to me every time.
Lisa and Maggie watching TV.  The Krusty theme plays but it is Sideshow Bob who is now on screen.
My young friends, for years I have been silent, save for the crude glissandos of this primitive wind instrument.  But now, destiny has thrust me into the center ring.  In the coming weeks, you will notice some rather sweeping changes in our program.  Please do not be alarmed.  Itchy and Scratchy will still have a home here.  But we will also learn about nutrition, self-esteem, etiquette, and all the lively arts.
What the hell are you doing, Lis?
I'm watching Sideshow Bob.  You know, he's a lot less patronizing than Krusty used to be.
You backstabber, your traitor, you ---.
Lisa lightly slaps him.
Snap out of it, Bart.  Face the facts.  All those hours we spent staring at Krusty, we were staring at a crook.
Bart turns off the TV.
Look, Lisa.  I know Krusty's innocent.  Don't ask me why.  It's just a feeling I have.
Oh, Bart.
Come on, Lisa.  I think I can prove Krusty's innocent, but I need your help.
You do?  Why?
Oh, come on, Lis.  You know why.
No, why?
I'll never forgive you for making me say this.  You're smarter than me.
Lisa chuckles.
So, you with me?
Yeah, man.
They slap each other's arms.
Bart and Lisa make their way into the Kwik-E-Mart.  Apu hides behind the counter.
Oh, oh.  Okay, okay.  Don't try anything funny.  I'm armed to the teeth. 
Bart and Lisa look around the area of the crime scene.
Bart, look, over here on the microwave!
"People with pacemakers should stay away from this thing".
So, I don't have a pacemaker.
Come on, Bart.  The tape showed that the robber heated up a burrito.
So?
Don't you remember the get-well card we sent to Krusty?  It was after his heart attack...when he had a pacemaker put in.
Aha!
Lisa looks over to a rack of magazines.
Wait a minute, Krusty can't read.
Okay, okay!  So the poor guy can't read!  Can't we get off his back, already?
No, don't you get it, Bart?  How could Krusty have been reading a magazine if he can't read?
Hey, hey, this is not a lending library.  If you're not going to buy that thing put it down or I'll blow your heads off!
Bart, I'm starting to think you're right.  Krusty was framed!  Did he have any enemies?
I don't know.  But I know someone who would -- Krusty's best friend in the whole world, Sideshow Bob!
Sideshow Bob reading a book to his television audience.
A volley of musketry flamed, thundered, roared!  A profound silence followed, broken only by the approaching footsteps of the Third Brigade.
The audience groans as he closes his book.
"The Death of a Titan."
A piano plays softly in the background.
Well, kids, that's our show for today.  And now, in the words of Mr. Cole Porter... 
Everytime we say good-bye
I die a little
Everytime we say good-bye
I wonder why a little
Every time we say goodbye...
Goodbye.
Sideshow Bob signing autographs as he walks down the hall.
Great show, Sideshow.  Switchboards were jammed.  The kids loved it. 
Thanks, Ed. I'm glad we've finally dispelled the myth that I'm too uptown for my tots.  And yet, I can't help thinking about poor Krusty.
Sideshow Bob weeps as he closes the door.  He walks several feet, and his sobs turn into an evil laugh.
FADE TO BLACK
Sideshow Bob sits with several promotional people, each presenting their plans to him.
We see your face on key chains.  And water-action pens.  And snow domes.
This is all very exciting but I think we'd do well to explore the more upscale market.  For example, Sideshow Bob limited-edition prints, collector's plates, commemorative coins...
A Security guard peeks through the door.
Uh, some kids are here to see you, Sideshow Bob.  They say it's important.
Ah, well, we can sign these contracts tomorrow.
Certainly.  I take great price in being able to sign my own name.
Ha ha, that's a good one.  I gotta tell my wife.
They walk out of the room just as Bart and Lisa walk in.
Hi, Sideshow Bob.
Sideshow Bob, can we ask you a few --- ?
Forgive me, children.  As much as Sideshow Bob would love to chat, he has a show starting in moments.  Here you go -- three tickets.  Be my guests.
Uh, okay, but ---
Come, come.  Let's run along.
The curtains being pulled open to start the show.  Sideshow Bob speaks with the audience.
Hello, children.  Whom do you love?
Sideshow Bob!
Bart is the only one not cheering.
Come on, Bart.  Go with the flow.
How much do you love me?
With all our hearts!
About a zillionth as much as I love Krusty.
Today's show promises to be a marvelous celebration of the human spirit.  But, first, I regret to say I see a youngster who looks troubled.  What's your name, young man?
Bart Simpson, sir.
Hmm.  Well, perhaps we can shed some light on your problem in a new segment exploring preadolescent turmoil.  I call it "Choices."
I don't think so, sir.
Bart, I'm reaching out to you.
Bart reluctantly takes Bob's hands and Lisa pushes him forward.  Bob and Bart sit down on a white couch.
So what's on your mind, Bart?  I bet the other children don't accept you.
True, Sideshow Bob.  But that doesn't bother me.  You see, my sisters and I have been doing a little investigating, and it looks to us like Krusty was framed.
Framed?
Well, the videotape showed that the thief used the microwave oven at the Kwik-E-Mart.  But Krusty couldn't go near the thing, not with his pacemaker.
Well, you know, Bart, as much as I love Krusty, he was never one to take doctor's orders too seriously.
Well, maybe, but get this.  Krusty was illiterate, and the guy who robbed the store was reading the Springfield Review of Books.
Ah, well, Bart.  The fact is, you don't have to be able to read to enjoy the Springfield Review of Books.  Just look at these amusing caricatures of Gore Vidal and Susan Sontag.
Ha ha, yeah, I guess those are kind of funny.
Bart, children, this whole sordid affair has been a shock to all of us.  But we must get on with our lives.  Let's try to remember Krusty not as a hardened criminal, but as that lovable jester who honked his horn and puttered around in his little car.
And sh*t you out of a cannon.
And sh*t me out of a cannon.  Yes, we will never forget that, will we?  Bart, open your heart.  I admit I have some mighty big shoes to fill.
The voice begins repeating in Bart's head.
Big shoes to fill.  Big shoes to fill.  Big shoes to fill.  Big shoes to fill.  Big shoes to fill.  Big shoes to fill.  Big shoes to fill--
In his mind, Bart remember the video...how Homer steps on "Krusty's" foot.
In ancient Greece, there was a school of thought called stoicism.
Wait a minute.  You did it!
The audience gasps.
Excuse me?
Bart snatches the microphone away.
Attention, fellow children!  Krusty didn't rob that store!  Sideshow Bob framed him, and I got proof!
Bart picks up a large mallet and slams it painfully into Sideshow Bob's foot.
Ow!!  My foot!  You lousy, stupid, clumsy --
See that?  Krusty wore big floppy shoes, but he's got little feet like all good-hearted people.
Bart hits Bob with the mallet on his other leg.
Sideshow Bob really fills his shoes with big ugly feet.
He takes off the shoe, revealing Bob's "big foot".
Police officers Eddie and Lou watch the footage on TV.
Kid's right.
How do you figure we missed that?
Get off your duffs, boys.  Get down to that studio.
Sideshow Bob being handcuffed and arrested, while being watched by a massive group of people.
Yes, I admit it.  I hated him!  His hackneyed shenanigans robbed me of my dignity for years.  I played the buffoon while he squandered a fortune on his vulgar appetites.  That's why I framed Krusty!  And I would have gotten away with it too if it weren't for these meddling kids.
Take him away, boys!
Treat kids as equals!  They're people too!  They're smarter than you think.  They were smart enough to catch me!
He is tossed in a van and carted away.
Bart leading Krusty out of the courthouse with Homer by his side.
Well, we made...a...terrible, terrible mistake.  It won't happen again.
It better not, you dimwit!
Krusty, I'm man enough to admit I was wrong, and I'm sorry I fingered you in court.  I sincerely hope that the horrible stories I heard about what goes on in prison are exaggerated.
Well, the important thing is that I regain the trust of the children.  But there was one boy who trusted me all along.  Bart?
Yes, sir?
Thank you.
He and Bart shake hands and pose for a camera.  It turns into a black and white picture which Bart is hammering to his bedroom wall.
He jumps into bed, his room once again stocked only with Krusty toys.
Smiling, he reaches and turns off the lights.
CREDITS BEGIN
THE END
