season: 05
episode: 02
title: Cape Feare


Fade in
Ladies and Gentlemen, its "Up Late with McBain. I'm your announcer Uppen Kupin Fuer Wolfcastle and heeeeres McBain!
Ya, thank you, ya. That's nice. Let's say hello to my music guy, Zoe.
*Transition to Bart and Lisa watching the TV*
 This is horrible.
The Fox network has sunk to a new low.
Lisa you got a letter.
You got a letter too bart.
*Transition to man pricking finger with letter opener.*
*Transition to Bart and Lisa watching Itchy and Scratchy. Bart looks worried.*
 Bart what's wrong?
Oh my god! Someone is trying to k*ll me! Eh!
*Transition to kitchen. The death threat letters are all layed out over the table.*
 Hmmm, this one is done in different handwriting.
Oh, uh, I wrote that one after bart some how put this tattoo on my butt.
But who would want to hurt me? I'm this century's Dennis the Menace.
It's probably the person you least suspect.
That's good dad.
I say we call Matlock. He'll find the culprit. Its probably that evil Gabbon McCloud or George Gueber Lindsey.
Grandpa, Matlocks not real.
Neither are my teeth but I can still eat corn on the cob if someone cuts it off and smushes it off into a fine paste. Now that's good eating!
*Transition to school yard.*
I checked around, the girls are calling you "fatty fat fat fat" and Nelson is planing on pulling down your pants, but no one is trying to k*ll ya.
Ah, that's a relief.
*Transition to Bart's room. Radio alarm goes off*
Alright, this is dedicated to Bart Simpson with the message, I am coming to k*ll you, slowly and painfully.
Say your prayers Simpson! Maude these new finger razors make hedge trimming as fun as sitting through church!
*Transition to Mrs. Kraboppel's classroom*
You're going to be my m*rder v*ctim Bart..........in our school production of Lizzie Borden starring Martin Prince as Lizzie!
 3 whacks with a wet noodle Bart!
*Transition to Police station* 
I'd like to help you m'am, but, heh heh, I'm afraid there's no law against mailing threatning letters.
I'm pretty sure there is.
Hah! The day I take cop lessons from Ma Kettle.
Hey, she's right chief.
Well shut my mouth! It's also illegal to put squirrels down your pants for the puposes of gambling.Boys, knock it off!
*Transition to Bart's room* 
Bart I've figured it out! Who's someone you've been making irritating phone calls to these years.
Linda Lavin?
No, someone who didn't deserve it. 
Hello, Moe. We know your the one behind it so knock it off or we're going to the cops!
*Transition to Bart's room window*
You're out there somewhere, but where? Where!?!
Dear "Life in these United States"...a funny thing happened to me...
Use a pen Sideshow Bob.
*Transition to Springfield Penitentiary "America's fastest growing prison."*
Parole granted. 
Take care Snake, may the next time we meet be under more felicitous circumstances.
Guh?
Take care.
Buh. 
Sideshow bob has no decency. He called me Chief "Piggum." 
Sideshow Bob tried to k*ll me on our honeymoon. 
How many people in this court are thinking of k*ll her right now? 
Well, she's always leaving the toilet seat up. 
Robert, if released would you pose a threat to one Bart Simpson?
Bart Simpson? Ha! The spirited, little scamp who twice foiled my evil schemes and sent me to this dank, urine soaked hell hole.
Uhh, we object to the term, "urine-soaked hell hole" when you could of said, "pee-pee-soaked heck hole."
Cheerfully withdrawn.
What about that tattoo on your chest, doesn't it say "DIE BART DIE"?
No! That's German...for "Die Bart Die" 
No one that speaks German can be a bad man.
Parole granted. 
Ernest goes somewhere cheap."*
 That man is so rude.
Now really, that's too much!
Ahhhhh!!! Sideshow Bob!!!
 You wrote me those letters.
You awful man, stay away from my son!
Oh I'll stay away from your son alright, stay away forever.
Oh no!
Wait a minute that's no good.  Wait I got a good one now! Marge say stay away from my son again.
No! 
*Transition to Simpson's house. The Police have finished "installing" their "security system."
 Now sideshow bob cant get in without me knowing and once a man is in your home anything you do to him is nice and legal.
Is that so? 
Uh, it doesn't work if you invite them in.
Hidely Hey!
Go home.
Toodly Doo!
*Transition to Nogotiator's office*
Now don't you fret, when I'm through he won't step foot in this town again. I can be very, very persuasive. 
*Transition to bar*
 Come on, leave town.
No.
 I'll be your friend.
No.
 Oh, you're mean.
*Transition to Evergreen Terrace, right outside of the Simpson's and the Flanders's houses.*
Ned Flanders, Maude Flanders...
 Isn't that nice.
...Homer Simpson, Marge Simpson, Lisa Simpson, that little baby Simpson, that is all. 
Woo Hoo! Did you hear Bart? He... oh.
*Transition to Witness Relocation Program*
Don't worry Mrs. Simpson we've helped hundreds of people in danger. We'll give you a new name, a new job, new identity.
Elway takes the snap and runs it in for a touchdown! Thanks to Elway's Patanent last second magic the final score of Super Bowl XXX is Denver 7, San Francisco 56.
 Woo Hoo!
I don't think this is such a good idea.
This isn't just because of Sideshow Bob it's a chance to turn around all our stinking lives.
I'll be Gus, the lovable chimney sweep, clean as a whistle, sharp as a thistle, best in all Westminster, yeah!
Shut up boy.
We have places were your family can hide in peace and security, Cape Feare, Terror Lake, New Horrorfield, Screamville...
Oooh, Icecreamville!
No, screamville. 
I'll tell you what sir, from now on you'll be uh, Homer Thompson at Terror Lake.  When I say hello Mr. Thompson you'll say "hi."
Check.
Hello Mr. Thompson.....remember now, your name is Homer Thompson.
I gotcha.
Hello Mr. Thompson
Urrrh, now when I say, "Hello Mr. Thompson" and press down on your foot you smile and nod.
No problem.
Hello Mr. Thompson 
*Transition to outside Simpson home, Simpsons are about to leave.*
Here you go. 
Oooh, what a cute convertable. You guys at the bureau thought of everything.
Hey look, the FBI light opera society sings the complete Gilbert & Sullivan. 
Lousy speed bumps. Hey kids wanna drive through that cactus patch?
Yeah!
Yeah!
No.....
Two against one!
*Transition to what looks like normal Simpson's opening only it is replaced with "The Thompsons" and it zooms in on Terror Lake.*
Wow! A houseboat, you know the great thing is if you don't like your neighbors you can just pull up the anchor and sail someplace else. (Simpsons, er, Thompsons laugh, other houseboats quickly sail away. Thompsons go into houseboat, Bob rolls out from under the car battered and bruised. He gets up and he steps on a rake and it hits him in the face. He turns another direction and is hit in the face by another rake. Continues to happen over and over and over again.
*Transition to inside the houseboat.*
Homer, where's the dog?
I tied him up out back. 
<sigh> We've left it all behind. How can you make a clean brake with your life?
Relax Marge, I tied up all the loose ends before we left.
*Transition to "old" Simpson home. Grandpa is knocking on the door.*
Hello? Hello!?! You have my pills! I'm cold and there are wolves after me. 
*Transition to Bart walking down a sidewalk. A car drives up along side of him.*
Hello Bart.
Ahhhh! 
Down here Bart. 
What do you want!?
Surely theres no harm in laying in the middle of a public street. 
*Transition to houseboat. Homer is busy drinking a duff. Bart rushes in.*
Mom! Dad! I saw Sideshow Bob and he threatned to k*ll me!
Bart! Don't interrupt!
Homer this is serious!
Oh, it is not.
*Transition to Bates Motel. There is a vacancy.*
*Transition to Bart's cabin*
BART YOU WANT SOME BROWNIES BEFORE YOU GOTO BED!!!!
Aaaahhhhhhhh!!!!
C'mon, let me cut you a brownie while there still hot.
<sigh of relief> Dad, I'm kinda edgy right now. I'd appreciate you not coming in my room screaming and brandishing a buthcer's kn*fe.
Why? Oh, haha, the Sideshow Bob thing. I'm sorry boy.
BART!! YOU WANNA SEE MY NEW CHAINSAW AND HOCKEY MASK!!!!  Oh, sorry, What am I thinking?
*Transition to outside houseboat. Bob climbs up onto the deck. He walks foward and is once again hit in the face by another rake. He throws it aside. He cuts the rope keeping the boat at the docks and the boat begins to drift.)
*Transiton to Bart's cabin. The door is opened, Bart wakes.*
Hello, Bart! 
Mom! Dad!
Your family can't help you now.
*Transition showing rest of family tied up. Homer is knocked out cold.*
<snore>
Oh no! Dads been drugged!
 No he hasn't!
*Transition back to Bart's cabin.*
Uh oh! 
Well Bart, any last requests? 
Well,...there is one, but...Nah...
No, go on.
You have such a beautiful voice.
Guilty as charged.
Uh huh. Anyway, I was wondering if you could sing the entire score of the HMS Pinnafore.
Very well Bart. I shall send you to heaven before I send you to hell. 
And now for the final curtain. 
Hold it right there Sideshow Bob. You're under arrest.
By Lucifer's beard!
Uh yeah, it's a good thing you drifted by this brothel.
*Transition to later that day.*
I knew I had to buy some time so I asked him to sing the score from the HMS Pinnafore.
Oooh, a fiendishly clever intricacy. 
 Take him away boys.
Hey, I'm the chief here. Bake him away toys.
What you say chief?
Do what the kid said.
*Transition to outside the old Simpson home*
It's so good to be home again. 
Look what happened without my pills!!
Huh!?! Bart run upstairs and get Grandpa's medicine! 
Not so fast. I want to court this fair young lady.
There's something you should know about me.
I've got 
I'm all yours! 
Fade to black.
